- Now let us test this application.
So what we're going to do is,
we are going to make sure that the server is started.
Yes, the server is started already
and the thing is that as and when
you make changes to all the files,
it will do the hot deployment so it will deploy the changes
as well on to the server.
So if you want to just verify that,
check it out.
So if I let's say, have a space here
and I save my file,
yeah, so that's what the server is doing.
It has gone ahead and re-deployed all my changes.
So the project is clean and well
and it's deployed on the server.
Now let's access the restful bean part
for the report resource.
So the url is reports here
so lets go to the postman tool.
So this initial base URI part will remain same.
This part is going to change
because we are accessing a different restful bean.
So lets say, reports and see what happens.
Okay, we get a
message right, let's go ahead and check the server.
Yes, the report is generated for all the bank accounts.
Lets also go and look under the reports folder.
There we are.
So if you open this and see,
yes you have all the three transactions
for account number 1101 generated.
Same as the case for the others.
You can definitely format this beautifully,
you can export this entire transaction report
in the form of a PDF format,
or a DOC format.
All of that is what we do in a live application.
Right now for this demonstration,
I'm trying to keep it simple
and simply taking that data down and putting it into a file.
Absolutely, so this is what we have done.
We have actually created a background task
for generation of reports
and we have spawned this background process
with the help of Managed Executor Service object which is
now a managed resource of the container environment.
Correct.
So, we are getting the service object.
That is of course going to be the pool
and it has got threads,
and each of the threads in that pool
is going to handle the reports processor task.
Right, so that's exactly what it is.
Please understand one more thing,
that in case of the managed executor service object
we really don't have to call the shut down APIs.
We have done that in the standard edition platform
because they were standalone applications that were running.
These managed executor service objects or managed executor
the scheduled version of it,
all of these objects are managed by the container.
So you do not have to really go ahead
and call the shut down API to be managed by the container
on its own.
One last thing that we have to understand is,
we had used the connection pooling.
So if you see there,
it is trying to initialize the C3PO pool
and those are the parameters of it.
So this came in because of the third party
C3PO plug-in that I have used.
Of course you may opt as I said,
any other kind of connection pooling regularly.
Okay, so that's the first time of our
Managed Executor Service API.
In our next videos,
we will take a look at the
managed schedule executor service,
managed thread factory,
and context service.